As an enrolled student on full course you're going to get access to a huge bundle that we've compiled
just for you.
Now let me show you what this bundle includes.
You're going to get access to a whole bunch of icons which you'll be able to use within your app.
You're also getting a load of gradients which can be used as app backgrounds as well as HD photos and
faces avatars.
There's also a load of Photoshop files for buttons and controls as well as a whole bunch of mockups
in sketch and in Photoshop.
And finally we've included app icon builders for iOS and Android.
So you'll be able to easily create your app icons and export them in all the right sizes.
Now collectively this huge bundle of image assets is worth over $5000.
But we're going to give it to you for free as a part of this course to make life easy for you when you're
creating your own apps.
Now on top of this massive bundle of image assets we're also giving you access to a highly rated 12
rules to learn to code book that consolidates some of our best tips for how you should go about approaching
learning to code.
So once you're ready if you head over to your course content you'll be to download all of these files.